I worked on an elderly ward, so that was about 30 beds, males with dementia.
And that had a Florence, like the Nightingale ward, so you could see everybody there.
And you'd have, I worked mainly nights there, so there'd be two staff one night, 30 patients.
It was hard work, but I think, I don't know whether there was a use, you know,
it was okay, it was okay.
It was very regimented, you know, you knew who was doing what at a certain time.
And then we used to have to mop the floors.
And I just remember in this ward, cockroaches.
I mean, I remember watching a panorama programme a few years later
and seeing that these were big cockroaches.
There were big cockroaches there.
And, you know, so we used to have to mop the floor.
And if you'd put the light on in certain areas, you could hear them, you know.